Add IANA expert guidance (#153)
ietf-wg-masque/draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip: draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip.md

|      ip      |  IP Proxying | This Document |
{: #iana-suffixes-table title="New MASQUE URI Suffixes"}

> Designated experts for this registry are advised that they should approve all

Author: I don't think it's the expert's responsibility (or within their purview) to pick whether something can be proxied or not. The only reason the registry exists is to avoid conflicts, so in my mind the goal of the review is solely to prevent future conflicts. Are you seeing this differently?

> Designated experts for this registry are advised that they should approve all

Author: That makes sense. Can you propose text?

> Designated experts for this registry are advised that they should approve all
> requests unless they believe the requested Path Segment will conflict with
> future IETF work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Designated experts for this registry are advised that they should approve
requests that meet the following criteria:
- the request has sufficient documentation and explanation to be implementable
- the use case is relevant to proxying
- the requested Path Segment will not conflict with existing or expected future IETF work
```

Reviewer: @DavidSchinazi how about this?

Author: I'm removing the first bullet because this is Expert Review not Specification Required. Otherwise this sounds good.

```suggestion
Designated experts for this registry are advised that they should approve
requests that meet the following criteria:
- the use case is relevant to proxying
- the requested Path Segment will not conflict with existing or expected future IETF work
```
